Term Project Details

Setting:
The College of Arts and Sciences is a fast-growing entity at the University of Diploma Printing in Romanigstan. Within
this College, the Department of Arts consists of twelve full-time faculty, six adjunct instructors, and approximately
fifteen graduate teaching assistants. Many faculties are nationally and internationally renowned and are
well-established professional artists and designers with numerous exhibitions, commissions, and awards to their credit.
The Department currently has 240 undergraduate majors within its BA and BFA programs spanning a number of areas
including art of walking, retail floristry, puppetry, adventure recreation, fishing sciences, ant nesting habits, coin
slot technology, and turfgrass management. It offers approximately 50 different courses to art and non-art majors alike.
In addition, art education students enroll in a significant number of art courses for their Bachelor of Science in Art
Education degree offered cooperatively through the Department of Learning, Teaching, and Curriculum.

You, as a new faculty in the Department of Arts, were assigned to the huge task of reviewing and redesigning the BFA
curriculum. Your help is needed for the following reasons:
    - Stagnant enrollment in the last five years
    - Changes in student demographics and interests.
    - Shifts in disciplinary approaches

The main tasks of curriculum redesign are
    - Reducing the number of credit hours from 39 to 33 (39 credits is for 7 core courses and 6 elective courses)
    - Defining concentration areas for elective courses
    - Reducing the number of offered electives

To evaluate the opportunity of grouping elective classes in concentration areas, the chair of the committee provided you
 with the following pieces of information (click the links to access the data)

    - List of current courses offered
    - List of all student enrollments for the last five yearsDownload List of all student enrollments for the last five years

Project Problem
    1. What elective courses should be retained in the course offerings?
    2. Recommend sets of three or four elective courses that can be grouped in concentration areas.

Project Milestones
    - Lesson 5: draft submission - business and data understanding, identifying all issues with the data (Don't count towards final grades.)
    - Lesson 9: draft submission – data cleaning, data preprocessing, and first data mining attempts (Don't count towards final grades)
    - Lesson 14: final submission

Notes
    - Your answers should be based on analyzing the provided data.
    - Explain your answer and support them by results and/or screen captures.
    - Try to follow the Guidelines for Data Mining Experiments from your term project.

Structure
    Section 1: Objectives of the experiment, problem definition
    Section 2: Description the dataset and initial preprocessing if any
    Section 3: Preprocessing, including an explanation of the necessity of the preprocessing task and quantitative report on the result of each step.
    Section 4: Modeling, including a brief description and the motivation of the application of each algorithm
    Section 5: Evaluation, including graphs of experiments, result tables, and explanation of the results
    Section 6: Summary of results, including discussion of the overall performance, limitations, and difficulties encountered. Also, add a paragraph about conclusions.

Scoring
Scoring will be based on:
    Draft submissions (5%)
    Format: IEEE ConferenceLinks to an external site. (10%)
    Appropriateness and correctness of experiment (60%)
    Discussion (20%)
    Conclusions (10%)
    Particularly good discussions may result in 2% extra credit.

Keys to Success
    Spend some time to understand the subject and the data.
    Follow the steps in the CRISP method as described in the first lesson.
    Look for patterns in the data. Formulate hypotheses and try to prove or disprove them through experiments.
    Make sure you follow citation style and avoid plagiarizing other sources.
    Use charts to support your claims; do not provide screenshots of experiments. Explain in depth each chart/figure used.